{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To use these icons on a folder, simply "Get Info" on the icon, select the thumbnail in the top left corner, and then copy and paste it into the same location on the folder or file you want to use it with.\
\
To use one of these icons for a program, you first need to navigate to the folder where that application is stored.  Right- or control-click on the application itself, then choose "Show Package Contents" from the menu that appears.  Navigate to the "Contents" folder, then the "Resources" folder, and finally find the .icns file that usually will share the same name as the application itself.  BACK UP THIS FILE!!!  You can either rename it and keep it in the same location, or you can back it up to another location, but if you do not back up this file, you will not be able to revert back to the original icon without reinstalling the program.  Once you have backed up that file (make sure to memorize or copy the file name), copy the icon file you wish to use into that folder and rename it to the same name as the .icns file you backed up and moved.  Then, Get Info on the application, select the icon thumbnail, and press Delete.  The new icon will appear magically!\
\
For any applications you cannot figure out, try using CandyBar by The IconFactory.\
\
These icons are based on the "Little Damn Heroes" graphics available at BlackMarketBeagles.com.  They are available on shirts, mugs, and lots of other fine goods through BlackMarketBeagles.com, but they are not mine.  Used with permission.}